In this section we're going to be covering intermediate Javascript.
So now that you've become familiar with how javascript works and all the really amazing things you can
do with javascript.
Let's take it to the next level and I'm going to show you some useful functionality that you can do
with javascript.
There's also how we can use Regg X so Reg X is a powerful way to search through different types of strings
and get values back to suspiciously like finding a needle in a haystack.
So Reg X helps you set that needle.
And then the haystack is that string value that you can quickly search through.
Also we're going to look at how we can build out an email extractor so you can put a bunch of text into
a text area and press a button and it's to extract all the email addresses that are within that tax.
So this is a useful type of application that you can build really easily and is going to combine.
We learn about Reg acts and what we've learned about the Dawn also how you can use an email validator.
So this is important when you're creating forms you want to make sure that the form format is proper.
And this again is where we can use Reg X to make sure that the format of that email actually matches
an email type format.
Also creating cookies and how they work within the browser retrieving that cookie information.
We're also going to show you how immediately invoked functions work.
So those are fairly new and I'm going to show you how those work.
Also six arguments within an array.
How he can pull out arguments from a function using the arguments keyword function.
Recursion also of javascript hoisting how hoisting works and how javascript handles variables and declaring
variables and also both strict mode C can set your javascript to a different mode in that strict mode.
So typically javascript's really forgiving and if you set up a strict mode it's not going to be forgiving
on any of the errors.
So that's an option that you have when you're developing your code and you want to make sure that your
code is airtight that it's nice and strict.
You can set strict mode.
So Also we're going to be going over some of the common errors when writing javascript and what you
can do to avoid them.
We're going to be building out a memory game.
So it's a memory game we need to flip over tiles and match it with other tiles that you flipped over
so find the pairs of tiles that are available on screen by flipping over the tiles.
So this is a memory game that we're going to be building up from scratch.
And that's going to be one of the main exercises of this section.
Also debugging javascript and overall just all the different concepts of javascript that are more of
an intermediate level that require a basic understanding of javascript really to get started with and
to get familiar with.
So this section is going to bring us up to the next level and let's begin coding some javascript some
intermediate javascript.